Update going-to-production.asciidoc (#189)
vaadin/docs: articles/ce/going-to-production.asciidoc

= Setting Up for Production

ifdef::articles[]

> Enabling production mode for a Vaadin app is described in <<{articles}/guide/production/production-overview#, Deploying to Production>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling production mode for a Vaadin application is described in <<{articles}/guide/production/production-overview#, Deploying to Production>>.
```

Not better, but consistent with Vaadin's documentation in general

endif::articles[]
ifndef::articles[]

> Enabling production mode for a Vaadin app is described in <<../flow/production/tutorial-production-mode-basic#, Deploying to Production>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling production mode for a Vaadin application is described in <<../flow/production/tutorial-production-mode-basic#, Deploying to Production>>.
```

endif::articles[]

> If your app uses Collaboration Engine, it requires some extra steps when you take your application to production. These steps are described here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application uses Collaboration Engine, it requires some extra steps when you take your application to production.
These steps are described here.
```
Prefer application over app.
One sentence per line.

> Prior to configuring your Vaadin app for production mode, you need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before configuring your Vaadin application for production mode, you need to:
```

. Get a license file with an end-user quota.
. Configure where Collaboration Engine files are stored.
. Store the license file in the right location.
. Implement a `LicenseEventHandler` to get notified when the license needs to be updated.

[[ce.production.obtain-universal-license]]
== Obtaining a Free "Universal" License File

All Vaadin apps receive a free 10 end-user per month quota with a universal license file. 

> If you don't have a commercial Vaadin subscription (Pro, Prime or Enterprise), https://website.vaadin.com/hubfs/collaboration-engine/ce-license.json[click here] to download the universal license file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have a commercial Vaadin subscription (Pro, Prime, or Enterprise), https://website.vaadin.com/hubfs/collaboration-engine/ce-license.json[click here] to download the universal license file.
```

The name of the license file is `ce-license.json`.
It informs Collaboration Engine that you are entitled to receive a quota of 10 end users per month.

> The universal license file cannot be upgraded to increase the quota of monthly end users. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can upgrade to a commercial license to increase your monthly end user quota.
```

I think you do upgrade the license file, when you purchase a bigger one. It is the same process as going from a small commercial quota to a bigger commercial quota.

Author: Ah, I see your point. That's not what I meant to say actually; maybe this is more reflective of my intent:

"You can upgrade to a commercial license to increase your monthly end user quota. However, a commercial license also requires an active Vaadin commercial subscription (Pro, Prime, or Enterprise)."

Not sure how to add a suggestion to your suggestion @Peppe

Reviewer: Sounds good I changed the suggestion to match your text.

[[ce.production.obtain-license]]

> == Obtaining a commercial license file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Obtaining a Commercial License File
```
All titles in Docs should be title case.

If you need to use Collaboration Engine powered features for more than 10 end users / month, please request a commercial license file.

> First, you need to have a commercial Vaadin subscription (Pro, Prime or Enterprise) in order to request this license. Each Vaadin subscription offers a bundled quota of end users per month, based on the number of development seats. Visit, https://vaadin.com/collaboration#pricing[the official feature page] to learn more about the bundled quotas. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you need to have a commercial Vaadin subscription (Pro, Prime, or Enterprise) to request this license.
Each Vaadin subscription offers a bundled quota of end users per month, based on the number of development seats.
Visit, https://vaadin.com/collaboration#pricing[the official feature page] to learn more about the bundled quotas. 
```

> To obtain your license, https://vaadin.com/collaboration/#contact-us[click here to contact our team]. You can also request and purchase a larger quota of end users than provided by your commercial Vaadin subscription. Additional end users above your bundled quota are billed at 1 USD (or 1 EUR) per month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To obtain your license, https://vaadin.com/collaboration/#contact-us[click here to contact our team]. 
You can also request and purchase a larger quota of end users than provided by your commercial Vaadin subscription. 
Additional end users above your bundled quota are billed at 1 USD (or 1 EUR) per month.
```

> The name of the license file will be `ce-license.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the license file is `ce-license.json`.
```

= Setting Up for Production

ifdef::articles[]
Enabling production mode for a Vaadin application is described in <<{articles}/guide/production/production-overview#, Deploying to Production>>.
endif::articles[]
ifndef::articles[]
Enabling production mode for a Vaadin application is described in <<../flow/production/tutorial-production-mode-basic#, Deploying to Production>>.
endif::articles[]
If your application uses Collaboration Engine, it requires some extra steps when you take your application to production.
These steps are described here.

Before configuring your Vaadin application for production mode, you need to:

> . Get a license file with an end-user quota.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Get a license file with an end user quota.
```

. Configure where Collaboration Engine files are stored.
. Store the license file in the right location.
. Implement a `LicenseEventHandler` to get notified when the license needs to be updated.

[[ce.production.obtain-universal-license]]
== Obtaining a Free "Universal" License File

> All Vaadin apps receive a free 10 end-user per month quota with a universal license file. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All Vaadin applications receive a free 10 end user per month quota with a universal license file. 
```
“end user” was used in other parts of the article. Please double check that you use it consistently.

> If you don't have a commercial Vaadin subscription (Pro, Prime, or Enterprise), https://website.vaadin.com/hubfs/collaboration-engine/ce-license.json[click here] to download the universal license file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you don't have a commercial Vaadin subscription (Pro, Prime, or Enterprise), you can https://website.vaadin.com/hubfs/collaboration-engine/ce-license.json[download the universal license file].
```
Avoid “click here” links, those are bad for accessibility.

The name of the license file is `ce-license.json`.
It informs Collaboration Engine that you are entitled to receive a quota of 10 end users per month.

You can upgrade to a commercial license to increase your monthly end user quota.
However, a commercial license also requires an active Vaadin commercial subscription (Pro, Prime, or Enterprise).

[[ce.production.obtain-license]]
== Obtaining a Commercial License File

If you need to use Collaboration Engine powered features for more than 10 end users / month, please request a commercial license file.

First, you need to have a commercial Vaadin subscription (Pro, Prime, or Enterprise) to request this license.
Each Vaadin subscription offers a bundled quota of end users per month, based on the number of development seats.
Visit, https://vaadin.com/collaboration#pricing[the official feature page] to learn more about the bundled quotas. 

> To obtain your license, https://vaadin.com/collaboration/#contact-us[click here to contact our team]. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To obtain your license, https://vaadin.com/collaboration/#contact-us[contact our team]. 
```

You can also request and purchase a larger quota of end users than provided by your commercial Vaadin subscription. 

> Additional end users above your bundled quota are billed at 1 USD (or 1 EUR) per month.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
End users above your bundled quota are billed at 1 USD (or 1 EUR) per month.
```
